hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you all of the books that I
read in 2016
I did one of these last year and so I
decided to do another one this year I'm
hoping to film a lot more book related
videos his book reviews book lists and I
thought this would be a great way to
kick off the year I record all of the
books that I read in this journal I'm it
simmer till the one because who does not
love Matilda I'm going to read all of
the books first and then I'll go on to
short stories
Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison Life of
Pi by Yann Martel we are all completely
beside ourselves by Karen joy Fowler a
little princess The Scarlet Letter by
Nathaniel Hawthorne drowning alibi
assumed a field my little phony by Lisi
Harrison these boots were made for
stalking by Lisi Harrison the latter by
charlotte brontë wolf by wolf the
invisible murmur HG Wells the shock of
the fall Kim by rudyard kipling book by
John a guard
extruding as cat by John Griffin's go
set a watchman by Harper Lee a study in
scarlet by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle the
lifeboat cleek by kathy parks as dead as
it gets by Katie Islander the school for
good and evil by soman chainani Harry
Potter on the order of the Phoenix by JK
Rowling great expectations by Charles
Dickens the elements of eloquence by
Mark Forsyth and now we're going into
the summer holidays there were the books
that I read before the summer holidays
to January to July and these are all the
books that I read during the summer
think by simon blackburn my grammar and
me the distance between lost and found
Gulliver's Travels by Jonathan Swift The
Great Gatsby by F scott Fitzgerald the
ocean at the end of the lane by Neil
Gaiman If I Stay by Gayle Forman black
harvest by anne pilling the best little
girl in the world where she went by
Gayle Forman atonement by Ian McEwan
Harry Potter in the Carter child by JK
Rowling The Kite Runner secrets at
Mallory towers by Yuna Blyton miss
peregrine's home for peculiar children
100 days of solitude by Death Daphne
kept by Daphne Capps Sally the
go-between by LP Hartley affluenza by
Oliver James the Silver Lining playbook
by Matthew quick
Fermat's Last Theorem by Simon Singh
inside Alcatraz by Jim Quillin sister
noon by Karen joy Fowler and then it's
the end of summer so these are all the
books that I read after some holidays
unholy by Neal Shusterman Siddhartha by
Hermann Hesse dopler by Ireland low on
writers and writing by Margaret Atwood
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close by
Jonathan Safran Foer a night to remember
which was about the Titanic a fellow by
Shakespeare
the beautiful and the damned by
Fitzgerald The Great Gatsby a by F scott
Fitzgerald for the second time cats eye
by Margaret Atwood mere christianity by
CS lewis pronoun the maids by benedict
andrews and erm drew upton Jessica's
ghost prisoners of geography little
darlings charms and dangerous
the trouble with goats and sheep Harry
Potter and the half-blood Prince and boy
by Roald Dahl and now I'm going to move
on to the short stories that I read
bartleby the scrivener by Herman
Melville all of these are by Carson
McCullers I read The Ballad of the sad
cafe wunderkind the jockey the king of
Finland the suzuna serjella I don't know
how to help that a domestic dilemma a
tree a rock a cloud and then by Roald
Dahl I read Catina only this beware of
the dog an African story yesterday was
beautiful a piece of cake they shall not
grow old Madame rosette death of an old
old man someone like you the maiden
who'll treasure man from the south the
sound machine poison dip in the pool
skin my lady love my dove lamb to the
slaughter
knock dimittis Edward the Conqueror
galloping Foxley neck the wish the
soldier the great automatic ground-type
groomer to Zeta Claude's dog the
ratcatcher Claude stop grummons
Claude's dog mr. Hadi and Claude dog mr.
fee see and they are all of the books
that I read in 2016 now for the top five
books that I read in the whole of 2016
and actually I'm going to have to change
it to my top six books because I can't
narrow it down to just five so first of
all was great expectations by Charles
Dickens I've never read it before but
I'm so glad that I now have every time
that I read Dickens I'm reminded how
much I love his luck the next one was
the distance between lost and found and
this was actually a young adult book and
I didn't think I was going to like it as
much as I did but tell me whether you
want me to do a video on my favorite
young adult books the distance between
Lost and Found is another one which is
related to bullying
but I don't think I mentioned it in my
anti-bullying book list the next one
that I loved was the ocean at the end of
the lane by Neil Gaiman I loved it that
there were so many elements of old
fashioned this within it and I think
that's what really appealed to me
because it was it was set in the modern
day with other elements of the Victorian
era within the next book I loved was the
Kite Runner and anyone who hasn't read
this you have to go and read it it is
one of those one of those books we'll
just stay with you forever the story is
so heartbreaking as make it even more
light and our families went to go and
see the stage production of it in London
the next one that I really loved was
unlike to remember I'm really interested
in the Titanic and this is a collection
of interviews and accounts from
survivors and the author useless to put
together a minute-by-minute account of
what actually happened it was amazing
was so in depth the last of my favorites
was capped by by Margaret Atwood and I
mentioned this in my anti-bullying book
list it's possibly the best book on
bullying that I've ever read and that's
saying a lot because I've read a lot of
books on bullying it's just one of those
books that is so heartbreaking it's
really well-written you can definitely
see the distinction between child and
adult within it and it just shows the
long lasting effects of bullying so um I
was I just really loved it I loved
Margret out the blog thank you so much
for watching I hope that you enjoyed
this video and I hope that you are
inspired to go and read a few of these
books yourselves have productively